Add release notes for 0.288 (#23079)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/release/release-0.288.rst

=============
Release 0.288
=============

**Highlights**
==============

**Details**
===========

General Changes
_______________
* Fix CAST of REAL values outside of BIGINT range to return an exception with an INVALID_CAST_ARGUMENT error code. Previously they would silently overflow. :pr:`22917`
* Fix HBO to skip tracking of stats for plan nodes affected by dynamic filter pushdown in presto cpp. :pr:`22853`
* Fix a bug where :func:`map_top_n` could return wrong results if there is any NaN input. :pr:`22386`
* Fix a bug with array_min/array_max where it would return NaN rather than null when there was both NaN and null input. :pr:`22386`
* Fix an error for some queries using a mix of joins and semi-joins when grouped execution is enabled. :pr:`22538`

> * Fix :func:`array_join` to not add a trailing delimeter when the last element in the array is NULL. :pr:`22652`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix :func:`!array_join` to not add a trailing delimeter when the last element in the array is NULL. :pr:`22652`
```
Suppressing warning generated in doc build, see #23023 for explanation.

* Improve :doc:`/sql/explain-analyze` statement to support a ``format`` argument with values of ``<TEXT|JSON>``. :pr:`22733`
* Improve README.md and CONTRIBUTING.md. :pr:`22918`
* Improve configuring worker threads relative to core count by setting the ``task.max-worker-threads`` configuration property to ``<multiplier>C``. For example, setting the property to ``2C`` configures the worker thread pool to create up to twice as many threads as there are cores available on a machine. :pr:`22809`
* Improve logging for RowExpressionRewriteRuleSet and StatsRecordingPlanOptimizer optimizers to include more information. :pr:`22765`
* Improve session property ``property-use_broadcast_when_buildsize_small_probeside_unknown`` to do broadcast join when probe side size is unknown and build side estimation from HBO is small. :pr:`22681`
* Improve the estimation stats recorded during query optimization. :pr:`22769`
* Improve Presto C++ documentation. :pr:`22717`
* Improve error code for cast from DOUBLE or REAL to BIGINT, INTEGER, SMALLINT or TINYINT for out of range values from NUMERIC_VALUE_OUT_OF_RANGE to INVALID_CAST_ARGUMENT. :pr:`22917`

> * Improve handling of floating point numbers in Presto to consistently treat NaNs as larger than any other number and equal to itself. It also changes the handling of positive and negative zero to always be considered equal to each other. Read more here: https://github.com/prestodb/rfcs/blob/main/RFC-0001-nan-definition.md. The new nan behavior can be disabled by setting the configuration property use-new-nan-definition to false. This configuration property is intended to be temporary to ease migration in the short term, and will be removed in a future release. :pr:`22386`

Reviewer 2: I would add this as a highlight

> * Add HBO for CTE materialized query. :pr:`22606`

Reviewer 3: Insert before this line
```
* Improve the performance of reading common table expressions (CTE). :pr:`22478`

Author: updated

> * Add Prestissimo support for CTAS into bucketed (but not partitioned) tables. :pr:`22737`

Reviewer: @yingsu00 - While I think Prestissimo is commonly used enough that it is recognizable, I think your suggestion of "native clusters" is an improvement. 

@aditi-pandit, what do you think?

> * Add Prestissimo support for CTAS into bucketed (but not partitioned) tables. :pr:`22737`

Reviewer 2: In our documentation we're beginning to refer to this as Presto C++, so should we call it that? https://prestodb.io/docs/current/presto-cpp.html

> * Add Prestissimo support for CTAS into bucketed (but not partitioned) tables. :pr:`22737`

Author: the docker image published is called `prestodb/presto-native`. do we need to update it to `prestodb/presto-cpp`, too?
we better make the naming consistent.

> * Add Prestissimo support for CTAS into bucketed (but not partitioned) tables. :pr:`22737`

Reviewer 2: Agreed, but perhaps raise this in a new issue?  My vote in any case is toward `presto-cpp`

> * Add Prestissimo support for CTAS into bucketed (but not partitioned) tables. :pr:`22737`

Reviewer: "Presto C++ clusters" sounds good.

> * Add :doc:`/presto_cpp/properties` documentation. :pr:`22885`

Author: updated

* Add PR number to the release note entry examples in pull_request_template.md. :pr:`22665`
* Add ``http-server.authentication.allow-forwarded-https`` configuration property to recognize X-Forwarded-Proto header. :pr:`22492`
* Add ``node-scheduler.max-preferred-nodes`` configuration property to allow changing number of preferred nodes when soft affinity scheduling is enabled. :pr:`22562`

> * Add documentation for :func:`noisy_approx_set_sfm_from_index_and_zeros`. :pr:`22799`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add documentation for :func:`!noisy_approx_set_sfm_from_index_and_zeros`. :pr:`22799`
```
Suppressing warning generated in doc build, see https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/23023 for explanation.

> * Add documentation for noisy aggregate functions at :doc:`/functions/noisy`, including :func:`noisy_approx_distinct_sfm` and :func:`noisy_approx_set_sfm`. :pr:`22715`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add documentation for noisy aggregate functions at :doc:`/functions/noisy`, including :func:`!noisy_approx_distinct_sfm` and :func:`!noisy_approx_set_sfm`. :pr:`22715`
```
Suppressing warning generated in doc build, see https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/23023 for explanation.

* Add support for non default keystore and truststore type in presto CLI and JDBC. :pr:`22556`
* Add support for querying system.runtime.tasks table in native clusters. :pr:`21416`
* Remove deprecated feature and configuration property ``deprecated.group-by-uses-equal``, which allowed group by to use equal to rather than distinct semantics. :pr:`22888`
* Upgrade CI pipeline to build and publish native worker docker image. :pr:`22806`
* Upgrade Alluxio to 313. :pr:`22958`
* Upgrade io.jsonwebtoken artifacts to 0.11.5. :pr:`22762`
* Upgrade fasterxml.jackson artifacts to 2.11. :pr:`22417`

Hive Connector Changes
______________________
* Fix hash calculation for Timestamp column to be hive compatible when writing to a table bucketed by Timestamp. :pr:`22980`
* Improve affinity scheduling granularity from a file to a section of a file by adding a ``hive.affinity-scheduling-file-section-size`` configuration property and ``affinity_scheduling_file_section_size`` session property. The default file size is 256MB. :pr:`22563`

> * Add AWS Security Mapping to allow flexible mapping of Presto Users to AWS Credentials or IAM Roles for different AWS Services. :pr:`21622`

Reviewer 3: Add before line 55
```
Add support for ``NOT NULL`` column constraints for tables in Hive metastore. :pr:`22064`
```

* Add config property ``hive.legacy-timestamp-bucketing`` and session property ``hive.legacy_timestamp_bucketing`` to use the original hash function for Timestamp column, which is not hive compatible. :pr:`22980`

Iceberg Connector Changes
_________________________
* Improve the partition specs that must be checked to determine if the partition supports metadata deletion or predicate thoroughly pushdown. :pr:`22753`
* Improve time travel ``TIMESTAMP (SYSTEM_TIME)`` syntax to include timestamp-with-time-zone data type. :pr:`22851`
* Improve time travel ``VERSION (SYSTEM_VERSION)`` syntax to include snapshot id using `BIGINT` data type. :pr:`22851`
* Add procedure `expire_snapshots` to remove old snapshots in Iceberg. :pr:`22609`

> * Add support for Iceberg REST catalog. :pr:`22417`

Reviewer 2: I would add this as a highlight

Author: @tdcmeehan how do I highlight a section? I could not find any instructions on the guidelines doc.

Reviewer 2: They need to be repeated in the Highlights section above: https://github.com/prestodb/presto/pull/23079/files#diff-6d761c5d2106a4758cbb0b5efad14b1236e59241f80918ff7770ba6a9c7b21e4R5

Reviewer: @wanglinsong I discussed how to do this with @tdcmeehan and I can populate the Highlights section.

* Add time travel ``BEFORE`` syntax for Iceberg tables to return historical data. :pr:`22851`
* Add support for metadata delete with predicate on non-identity partition columns when they align with partitioning boundaries. :pr:`22554`

> * Remove timestamp with time zone in ``CREATE``, ``ALTER``, and ``INSERT`` statements. :pr:`22926`

Author: updated

=============
Release 0.288
=============

**Highlights**
==============

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improve handling of floating point numbers in Presto to consistently treat NaNs as larger than any other number and equal to itself. It also changes the handling of positive and negative zero to always be considered equal to each other. Read more here: https://github.com/prestodb/rfcs/blob/main/RFC-0001-nan-definition.md. The new nan behavior can be disabled by setting the configuration property use-new-nan-definition to false. This configuration property is intended to be temporary to ease migration in the short term, and will be removed in a future release. :pr:`22386`
* Add procedure `expire_snapshots` to remove old snapshots in Iceberg. :pr:`22609`
* Add support for Iceberg REST catalog. :pr:`22417`

```

Reviewer 2: Oh btw, should we hyperlink the RFC?

Reviewer: Done!

=============
Release 0.288
=============

**Highlights**
==============

**Details**
===========

General Changes
_______________
* Fix CAST of REAL values outside of BIGINT range to return an exception with an INVALID_CAST_ARGUMENT error code. Previously they would silently overflow.

> * Fix HBO to skip tracking of stats for plan nodes affected by dynamic filter pushdown in presto cpp :pr:`22853 `.

Author: done

Iceberg Connector Changes
_________________________
* Improve the partition specs that must be checked to determine if the partition supports metadata deletion or predicate thoroughly pushdown :pr:`22753`.
* Improve time travel ``TIMESTAMP (SYSTEM_TIME)`` syntax to include timestamp-with-time-zone data type :pr:`22851`.
* Improve time travel ``VERSION (SYSTEM_VERSION)`` syntax to include snapshot id using bigint data type :pr:`22851`.
* Add procedure `expire_snapshots` to remove old snapshots in Iceberg. :pr:`22609`.
* Add support for Iceberg REST catalog :pr:`22417`.
* Add time travel ``BEFORE`` syntax for Iceberg tables to return historical data :pr:`22851`.
* Disable timestamp with time zone in create, alter and insert statements :pr:`22926`.

Verifier Changes
________________
* Support function call substitution based on the specified substitution pattern passed by the parameter --function-substitutes.

SPI Changes
___________
* Add runtime stats as parameter to `ConnectorPageSourceProvider`.

Hive Changes
____________
* Introduce AWS Security Mapping which will allow flexible mapping of Presto Users to AWS Credentials or IAM Roles for different AWS Services.

> 

Reviewer 4: * Fix hash calculation for Timestamp column to be hive compatible when writing to a table bucketed by Timestamp.  :pr:`22890`
* Add config `hive.legacy-timestamp-bucketing` and session property ``hive.legacy_timestamp_bucketing`` to use the original hash function for Timestamp column, which is not hive compatible. :pr:`22890`

Author: updated

=============
Release 0.288
=============

**Highlights**
==============

> * Improve handling of floating point numbers in Presto to consistently treat NaNs as larger than any other number and equal to itself. It also changes the handling of positive and negative zero to always be considered equal to each other. Read more here: https://github.com/prestodb/rfcs/blob/main/RFC-0001-nan-definition.md. The new nan behavior can be disabled by setting the configuration property use-new-nan-definition to false. This configuration property is intended to be temporary to ease migration in the short term, and will be removed in a future release. :pr:`22386`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improve handling of floating point numbers in Presto to consistently treat NaNs as larger than any other number and equal to itself. It also changes the handling of positive and negative zero to always be considered equal to each other. For more information, see `RFC-0001-nan-definition.md <https://github.com/prestodb/rfcs/blob/main/RFC-0001-nan-definition.md>`_. The new nan behavior can be disabled by setting the configuration property use-new-nan-definition to false. This configuration property is intended to be temporary to ease migration in the short term, and will be removed in a future release. :pr:`22386`
```

* Add PR number to the release note entry examples in pull_request_template.md. :pr:`22665`
* Add ``http-server.authentication.allow-forwarded-https`` configuration property to recognize X-Forwarded-Proto header. :pr:`22492`
* Add ``node-scheduler.max-preferred-nodes`` configuration property to allow changing number of preferred nodes when soft affinity scheduling is enabled. :pr:`22562`
* Add documentation for :func:`noisy_approx_set_sfm_from_index_and_zeros`. :pr:`22799`
* Add documentation for noisy aggregate functions at :doc:`/functions/noisy`, including :func:`noisy_approx_distinct_sfm` and :func:`noisy_approx_set_sfm`. :pr:`22715`
* Add support for memoizing in resource group state info endpoint. This can be enabled by setting ``cluster-resource-group-state-info-expiration-duration`` to a non-zero duration. :pr:`22764`
* Add support for non default keystore and truststore type in presto CLI and JDBC. :pr:`22556`
* Add support for querying system.runtime.tasks table in native clusters. :pr:`21416`
* Remove deprecated feature and configuration property ``deprecated.group-by-uses-equal``, which allowed group by to use equal to rather than distinct semantics. :pr:`22888`

> * ... Improve :doc:`/presto-cpp` documentation. :pr:`22717`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * Change error code for cast from DOUBLE or REAL to BIGINT, INTEGER, SMALLINT or TINYINT for out of range values from ``NUMERIC_VALUE_OUT_OF_RANGE`` to ``INVALID_CAST_ARGUMENT``. :pr:`22917`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * Add Prestissimo support for CTAS into bucketed (but not partitioned) tables. :pr:`22737`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support for CTAS on bucketed (but not partitioned) tables for Presto C++ clusters. :pr:`22737`
```

> * Change handling of floating point numbers in Presto to consistently treat NaNs as larger than any other number and equal to itself.  It also changes the handling of positive and negative zero to always be considered equal to each other.  Read more here: https://github.com/prestodb/rfcs/blob/main/RFC-0001-nan-definition.md. The new nan behavior can be disabled by setting the configuration property ``use-new-nan-definition`` to ``false``. This configuration property is intended to be temporary to ease migration in the short term, and will be removed in a future release. :pr:`22386`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * Enable HBO for CTE materialized query. :pr:`22606`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * Prestissimo support for CTAS into bucketed (but not partitioned) tables. pr:`22737`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * Update CI pipeline to build and publish native worker docker image. :pr:`22806`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upgrade CI pipeline to build and publish native worker docker image. :pr:`22806`
```
Minor revision following the [Order of Changes](https://github.com/prestodb/presto/wiki/Release-Notes-Guidelines#order-of-changes) in the Release Notes Guidelines.

* Upgrade Alluxio to 313. :pr:`22958`
* Upgrade io.jsonwebtoken artifacts to 0.11.5. :pr:`22762`
* Upgrade fasterxml.jackson artifacts to 2.11. :pr:`22417`

Hive Connector Changes
______________________

> * Improve affinity scheduling granularity from a file to a section of a file by adding a ``hive.affinity-scheduling-file-section-size`` configuration property and ``affinity_scheduling_file_section_size`` session property. The default file size is 256MB. :pr:`22563`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix hash calculation for Timestamp column to be hive compatible when writing to a table bucketed by Timestamp. :pr:`22980`
* Improve affinity scheduling granularity from a file to a section of a file by adding a ``hive.affinity-scheduling-file-section-size`` configuration property and ``affinity_scheduling_file_section_size`` session property. The default file size is 256MB. :pr:`22563`
* Add AWS Security Mapping to allow flexible mapping of Presto Users to AWS Credentials or IAM Roles for different AWS Services. :pr:`21622`
* Add config property ``hive.legacy-timestamp-bucketing`` and session property ``hive.legacy_timestamp_bucketing`` to use the original hash function for Timestamp column, which is not hive compatible. :pr:`22980`
```

* Moving the three entries in "Hive Changes" to this section "Hive Connector Changes". 
* Ordering the four entries following the [Order of Changes](https://github.com/prestodb/presto/wiki/Release-Notes-Guidelines#order-of-changes) in the Release Notes Guidelines. 
* Fix formatting of config property ``hive.legacy-timestamp-bucketing``. 
* Corrected the two new entries (_Fix hash calculation_, and _Add config property_) PR # from 22890 to 22980.

Iceberg Connector Changes
_________________________
* Improve the partition specs that must be checked to determine if the partition supports metadata deletion or predicate thoroughly pushdown. :pr:`22753`
* Improve time travel ``TIMESTAMP (SYSTEM_TIME)`` syntax to include timestamp-with-time-zone data type. :pr:`22851`
* Improve time travel ``VERSION (SYSTEM_VERSION)`` syntax to include snapshot id using `BIGINT` data type. :pr:`22851`
* Add procedure `expire_snapshots` to remove old snapshots in Iceberg. :pr:`22609`
* Add support for Iceberg REST catalog. :pr:`22417`

> * Add time travel ``BEFORE`` syntax for Iceberg tables to return historical data. :pr:`22851`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add time travel ``BEFORE`` syntax for Iceberg tables to return historical data. :pr:`22851`
* Add support for metadata delete with predicate on non-identity partition columns when they align with partitioning boundaries. :pr:`22554`
```
Moving entry here from redundant "Iceberg Changes" section (lines 79-81).

> * Disable timestamp with time zone in ``CREATE``, ``ALTER``, and ``INSERT`` statements. :pr:`22926`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove timestamp with time zone in ``CREATE``, ``ALTER``, and ``INSERT`` statements. :pr:`22926`
```
Minor rephrasing following the [Order of Changes](https://github.com/prestodb/presto/wiki/Release-Notes-Guidelines#order-of-changes) in the Release Notes Guidelines.

Verifier Changes
________________

> * Support function call substitution based on the specified substitution pattern passed by the parameter --function-substitutes. :pr:`22783`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support for function call substitution based on the specified substitution pattern passed by the parameter --function-substitutes. :pr:`22783`
```
Minor rephrasing to follow the [Order of Changes](https://github.com/prestodb/presto/wiki/Release-Notes-Guidelines#order-of-changes) in the Release Notes Guidelines.

SPI Changes
___________
* Add runtime stats as parameter to ``ConnectorPageSourceProvider``. :pr:`22960`

> Hive Changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Moved these entries to Hive Connector Changes section.

> ____________

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * Introduce AWS Security Mapping to allow flexible mapping of Presto Users to AWS Credentials or IAM Roles for different AWS Services. :pr:`21622`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * Fix hash calculation for Timestamp column to be hive compatible when writing to a table bucketed by Timestamp. :pr:`22890`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * Add config `hive.legacy-timestamp-bucketing` and session property ``hive.legacy_timestamp_bucketing`` to use the original hash function for Timestamp column, which is not hive compatible. :pr:`22890`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Iceberg Changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> _______________

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * Support metadata delete with predicate on non-identity partition columns when they align with partitioning boundaries. :pr:`22554`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Moved up to Iceberg Connector Changes section.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* Improve session property ``property-use_broadcast_when_buildsize_small_probeside_unknown`` to do broadcast join when probe side size is unknown and build side estimation from HBO is small. :pr:`22681`
* Improve the estimation stats recorded during query optimization. :pr:`22769`
* Improve Presto C++ documentation. :pr:`22717`
* Improve error code for cast from DOUBLE or REAL to BIGINT, INTEGER, SMALLINT or TINYINT for out of range values from NUMERIC_VALUE_OUT_OF_RANGE to INVALID_CAST_ARGUMENT. :pr:`22917`
* Improve handling of floating point numbers in Presto to consistently treat NaNs as larger than any other number and equal to itself. It also changes the handling of positive and negative zero to always be considered equal to each other. Read more here: https://github.com/prestodb/rfcs/blob/main/RFC-0001-nan-definition.md. The new nan behavior can be disabled by setting the configuration property use-new-nan-definition to false. This configuration property is intended to be temporary to ease migration in the short term, and will be removed in a future release. :pr:`22386`
* Improve the performance of reading common table expressions (CTE). :pr:`22478`

> * Improve join performance by prefiltering the build side with distinct keys from the probe side. This can be enabled with the ``join_prefilter_build_side `` session property. :pr:`22667`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improve join performance by prefiltering the build side with distinct keys from the probe side. This can be enabled with the ``join_prefilter_build_side`` session property. :pr:`22667`
```
The space at the end of ``join_prefilter_build_side `` causes the following doc build warning

`/Users/steveburnett/Documents/GitHub/presto/presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/release/release-0.288.rst:39: WARNING: Inline literal start-string without end-string.`
Deleted the space locally then did a new doc build to verify the warning was gone.

* Add AWS Security Mapping to allow flexible mapping of Presto Users to AWS Credentials or IAM Roles for different AWS Services. :pr:`21622`
* Add config property ``hive.legacy-timestamp-bucketing`` and session property ``hive.legacy_timestamp_bucketing`` to use the original hash function for Timestamp column, which is not hive compatible. :pr:`22980`
* Add support for ``NOT NULL`` column constraints in the CREATE TABLE and ALTER TABLE statements for the Hive connector. :pr:`22064`

Iceberg Connector Changes
_________________________
* Improve the partition specs that must be checked to determine if the partition supports metadata deletion or predicate thoroughly pushdown. :pr:`22753`
* Improve time travel ``TIMESTAMP (SYSTEM_TIME)`` syntax to include timestamp-with-time-zone data type. :pr:`22851`
* Improve time travel ``VERSION (SYSTEM_VERSION)`` syntax to include snapshot id using `BIGINT` data type. :pr:`22851`
* Add procedure `expire_snapshots` to remove old snapshots in Iceberg. :pr:`22609`
* Add support for Iceberg REST catalog. :pr:`22417`
* Add time travel ``BEFORE`` syntax for Iceberg tables to return historical data. :pr:`22851`

> * Add support for metadata delete with predicate on non-identity partition columns when they align with partitioning boundaries. :pr:`22554`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support for metadata delete with predicate on non-identity partition columns when they align with partitioning boundaries. :pr:`22554`
* Add configuration of Iceberg split manager threads using the iceberg.split-manager-threads configuration property. :pr:`22754`
```
Moved `* Add configuration of Iceberg split manager threads using the iceberg.split-manager-threads configuration property. :pr:`22754` ` to group Adds together before the Replace entry in Iceberg Connector Changes, following the sequence in the [Order of Changes](https://github.com/prestodb/presto/wiki/Release-Notes-Guidelines#order-of-changes) in the Release Notes Guidelines.

* Remove timestamp with time zone in ``CREATE``, ``ALTER``, and ``INSERT`` statements. :pr:`22926`

> * Add configuration of Iceberg split manager threads using the iceberg.split-manager-threads configuration property. :pr:`22754`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Verifier Changes
________________
* Add support for function call substitution based on the specified substitution pattern passed by the parameter --function-substitutes. :pr:`22783`

SPI Changes
___________
* Add runtime stats as parameter to ``ConnectorPageSourceProvider``. :pr:`22960`

**Credits**
===========

> 8dukongjian, Abhisek Saikia, Ajay Gupte, Amit Dutta, Andrii Rosa, Beinan Wang, Christian Zentgraf, Deepak Majeti, Denodo Research Labs, Elliotte Rusty Harold, Emanuel F, Emanuel F., Fazal Majid, Feilong Liu, Ge Gao, Jalpreet Singh Nanda (:imjalpreet), Jialiang Tan, Jimmy Lu, Jonathan Hehir, Karteekmurthys, Ke, Kevin Wilfong, Konjac Huang, Linsong Wang, Michael Shang, Neerad Somanchi, Nidhin Varghese, Nikhil Collooru, Pranjal Shankhdhar, Rebecca Schlussel, Reetika Agrawal, Rohit Jain, Sean Yeh, Sergey Pershin, Sergii Druzkin, Sreeni Viswanadha, Steve Burnett, Swapnil Tailor, Tishyaa Chaudhry, Vivek, Vivian Hsu, Wills Feng, Yedidya Feldblum, Yihao Zhou, Yihong Wang, Ying Su, Zac Blanco, Zac Wen, abhinavmuk04, aditi-pandit, deepthydavis, jackychen718, jaystarshot, kiersten-stokes, wangd, wypb, xiaoxmeng, ymmarissa

Reviewer 5: Emanuel F
appears twice

Reviewer 3: > Emanuel F appears twice

Thanks. Removed.
